Okay,
guys.
In the last lecture,
we looked at using a value returned from one V Look up to use in another V.
Look up.
So we use this cell here.
The national insurance number to pull the address is over here.
Now,
it may be that sometimes you want to do exactly the same thing,
but without having this intermediary step just here.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna add another line down here.
Control in D.
I want to call this no into me,
dearie.
If I could spell it E r e.
Okay,
let's make that bold.
So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna pull exactly the same thing,
really?
Pull three anywhere road from this after looking up this.
So what we're gonna do is look at this and then use this as a look up to return this where
there's actually having a separate formula.
Okay,
now,
this is fairly straightforward to dio,
or we're gonna do is copy the intermediary step so control and see for his escape.
I'm gonna paste in here the and his center.
So there's our intermediary step that we used before.
But now what we're gonna do is we're going to wrap that up in a bracket and that is now
going to become ever Look up value.
Call it on.
DNA.
Never gonna say equals V.
Look up.
Open rackets.
Here's the value that we're gonna look up in another look up.
Coma.
No,
We want to have a table array.
And if we flip over,
it was in the addresses,
and we're gonna highlight all of this just here.
Control shift.
Andi down on.
We want to return the second column,
which is addressed one.
So comma,
two comma,
false closed brackets on hit.
Enter.
So they go.
That's how you build a V look.
Abusing intermediary within it.
Actually return in the intermediary separately.
Okay,
so we've nested one V.
Look up inside another V.
Look up.
Okay.
See you in the next lecture.